In a shack-type townhouse, dingy and rundown, I am taking care of an infant and freaking out. This is at Oberlin College, where I am taking a math class with Mr. Alford (the NA comp sci teacher). It is 9:38, and I am trying so hard to rush out the door to catch that last 10 minutes of class, but my mom is there and she doesn't want to watch the kid. She says "that's your kid - it's your responsibility." I look up, and it is 9:50. I have 10 minutes before he leaves the math building to get there and at least give him a note I wrote explaining my situation. I have missed 5 weeks of classes consecutively, and if I miss any more, I will fail his course. My mom is reluctantly going to take care of the child - this happens everyday. By the time I get out the door, it is 10:01 and I realize I have no idea where the math building is. I didn't know there was a math building at Oberlin, but the campus is large and confusing like Purdue (where there is a math building). I ask some people around and they tell me that the math building is way up campus (I am down campus) but that math classes are taught at the dept's "downtown location". It is nighttime and warm out: summer. I am running and running, but when I get to the math building - not the downtown location - it is huge, concrete, and completely dark. I have been shut down. I have failed. I crumple up the note where I explain what happened and throw it on the ground. It tells this story: I am walking around in July, the July before. I am eating food with a friend in an outdoor restaurant far below a huge system of boardwalks with lots of people around. It is dimly lit, nighttime again, only lit by small candles on each table and rainbow Christmas lights strung all around the restaurant. It is a Creole food place. I am moderately pregnant, and we are talking about how I will balance school and the child, concluding I won't really even though my mom is moving here to help. My friend says it's a shame I didn't get an abortion, and I get up in arms and start realizing I don't remember when I got pregnant. I am walking along the same boardwalk system with my mom, who has flown in, and she says I am not allowed to have an abortion because we have the financial means to care for a child. I don't say anything. I start wondering how I got pregnant - why don't I remember? Why is it confusing? At first, I reason that some women get pregnant with IUDs in anyway, but then I argue to my mom that the baby will be deformed and not viable anyway because of the IUD! I get an ultrasound, but there is no IUD - I do not know where it could have gone. // 
It is a dark chapel, like the round part of Fairchild formed into a full circle, and the whole floor except for a small lip of stone you can walk around on is an incredibly deep pool, hundreds of feet deep I assume - it faded into blackness quickly. It was dark dark blue water with little green plants growing in the rocks on the edges. It is daytime and cloudy, and light comes in weakly from high windows. Some wizards are there in stereotypical dress: huge, dark red robes lined with white fur and littered with gold embroidered stars and matching pointy hats. They are the same shape as the chapel, little cylindrical men with long long pure white beards. They are not identical to each other but incredibly similar. Only one stands by the doorway I came through. The others are talking amongst themselves silently on the opposite side of the room from him, where there is a larger lip between the pool and the wall and wooden doors leading elsewhere. He tells me to dive in and find the pearl that glows brightest to me. I dive in strong and hard and go deep very quickly. Hundreds of pearls are loosely wrapped in gold wire and attached to long, golden strings that seem to extend to the surface,  though there was no sign of this from above. I am swimming and swimming in near darkness, the blue so incomprehensibly deep and beautiful, almost black in richness but not colour. You seem to never run into walls down here; the water extends forever. All the pearls glow slightly, but suddenly I see one beaming from far away. I reach it and grab on to it: it is so imperfect, it is almost bean-shaped instead of the perfect circles of all the others. I grab hold anyway without hesitation - I trust the wizards - and rocket towards the surface as fast as I can. My clothes are heavy, but I feel myself going up up up up until I break the surface right at the wizard's feet. He takes the pearl, somehow no longer attached to any string, and observes it quietly. The other wizards are staring, and some begin to leave solemnly. He sighs. I get out of the pool. He puts the pearl in one of his pockets, puts his hands on my shoulders, and says "I am sorry to say yes" before leaving me alone in the chapel. When he touched my shoulders, I was given the knowledge that I was pregnant with a deformed child. // The same chapel but with no pool there, just huge stones for flooring. A group of young men in their early 20s are talking, all except one sitting on a step that goes across the middle of the room. His back is turned to your viewpoint, and you never see his face. He has broad shoulders and dark brown hair cut short. He is wearing a light blue jumpsuit, folded over to be only pants, and a matching shirt. The jumpsuit has tons of pockets. He is taking thing after thing out of his pockets, and the other men are laughing and having a good time. The last thing he pulls out are huge and wide strips of velcro, padded on one side only. For some reason, this is very ominous to the other men, who fall silent. One asks "why do you have those?", and the standing man replies that they are very useful. It is now clear that this is the father of my deformed child.
I dreamt that I figured out how to delete the physical occupation of space. Not disappear but be invisible. So I deleted my car, early morning, and deleted everything in it so the whole thing was invisible. Parked and went inside of a deli to get breakfast. Came back outside and couldn't figure out how to get the non-invisible breakfast (croissant with a fried egg in it) back into the invisible car - only stuff already in the car when it turned invisible could access it. When I tried tossing it through the sunroof, it landed on the pavement. I got in holding the breakfast and turned invisible too, so you could only see my clothes and make-up floating down the highway. I thought being invisible meant I could not get stuck in traffic, but I was wrong - took up the same amount of space but no one could tell until they bumped into my car.
I dreamt that I was in a bookstore with Laura. We sat on plush orange and green benches (ottomans?), pouring over the book The Line Becomes A River, explaining to a stranger sitting on an ottoman to my left why we hated the book. The woman leaned in as I showed her a page, saying "Look how many citations, how self-important! Every sentence on this page has a footnote!" The book pages were not normal - the sentences were single lines arranged sloppily in white rectangles along the centerline of the page against a black and gray starry background, drawn childishly, sloppily. The "citations" were large white asterisks drawn crudely next to each white strip. The font was like an old typewriter, uneven and blurry. Not sure what it said. While still holding the page open to the woman as she looks over it in silent agreement, I loop up and notice an old woman leaving the bookstore by the exit farthest from me. I get up and follow, leaving the book. When I have caught up to her on the subway platform outside, she tells me, "I have had two sadnesses in my life." Her face is perpetually hidden under a large rice farmers hat, her back stooped so she is much shorter than me, dressed in ragged clothes and sandals. She describes a shadow that follows her, lurking in the corner of her eye wherever she turns. I see through her eyes walking through an old posh house, a loose blackness the size of a large crow flitting in and out of my vision. It was too quick to ever see it, but it was always just over your shoulder, always hovering next to your cheek just beyond where you could see or feel it. As I saw her memories, she poured out thick white paint onto the rough beige-gray concrete like an Anselm Keifer painting. The paint splattered and spread like clammy fingers across the floor, getting poured into the shape of the top of an umbrella, similar to her hat. Suddenly she sunk into herself, face caving in while still shadowy under her hat - she had consumed herself, all her flesh disappearing into her gaping mouth, somehow blacker than the black surrounding darkness. She was gone.
I dreamt that I was sitting on the curb of a highway, in the middle, a grass median, near an overpass. Sat with cars going right to left. Will sat to my left. I put my hand on his knee to help myself up, very stiffly. He snapped, "Don't fucking touch me." Later in my apartment (but not my actual apartment), Evan showed up at my door in a half full-body cast. Right leg to full torso to left arm. Blood on his face. Crutches. Asked if he could come in, so I said sure. Then I told him about the weird interaction with Will. He responded with something wise, but I don't remember what.
Jarrett and I were at a family reunion of his, all staying in one sprawling house, a labyrinthine version of my childhood home. I grabbed him and dragged him into a bedroom. I was trying to be sneaky, but it wasn't our room and I left my bra in there. For some reason, Donna from Parks and Rec was at the reunion and later came up to me, bra dangling from her fingers. "Is this yours? Because I know it's not mine... Stop going in my room." I was very embarrassed.
I was a little blond girl, walking through the woods with my mother, father, and twin. We were about 8, dressed identically in goofy light blue dresses. A tiger, massive and white, materialized out of a fallen tree. It appeared to be wearing a purple jersey with a yellow #1, but it was dyed/part of its fur. It began chasing us. We escaped after a short encounter. It bounded away without further incident. We kept hiking. In the afternoon, it reappeared, emerging from a similar fallen tree. This time it went straight for my father, who was walking first. My mother was last, and I was second. He lead it away up the mountain, not on the path. He shouted at us to go home. The tiger could materialize anywhere anytime, so we had to be painfully quiet and slow. We realized that the tiger couldn't sense us if we squat-walked under the curve of a large piece of tree bark, us three all under one sheet. We returned to a cobbled street. I ran to a nearby seaside market. I wandered through the stalls right up close to the wall overlooking the sea cliff. I bumped into James, who was wearing a black t-shirt and khaki military pants tucked into black boots. We talked like good friends, and he comforted and hugged me when I told him my family had been haunted by the tiger. By now, I was myself again, no longer a little blond girl. We walked hadn't in hand to the ocean, going down a carved cliffside staircase in a corner of the spice market.
I was biking with Erin on tricycles in New York City, and we rode down this steep hill and turned left into a parking lot. There was an elevated highway acting as a roof, and everything was very grey. This fat old man came up to us and started talking. No one else was around. Still on my tricycle, I dropped something and went to pick it up, but the fat old man got there first. I got angry because he was a stranger touching my stuff, and he was giving off this 'creep' vibe. I tried to make him let go of it, and when he finally did, he said, "Ladies do not pick things off the ground." Suddenly, I was no longer on a tricycle, but I stood up and we were teleported to my bedroom/if everything past and including the bed were blocked by a wall. I started yelling at him, and he put his hand on my shoulder. Then I went completely ape shit on him, and we flickered between the parking lot and my room (version of it). Erin walked out of the door of my room without saying anything just as Claire from Lilov walked into the parking lot. I was punching and kicking this oldie while Claire pulled a stick out of nowhere and started hitting him too. He fell back against my bed, and Claire closed the door. I yelled at him while Claire brandished her stick (it was like a baseball bat only not polished out). He started blubbering and asked why we were doing this, and I shouted, "So you can feel the humiliation you put every woman through." He started blubbering again, and I got bored/irritated, so we kicked him out.