I am sleeping in a house in a meadow, or maybe an old cafeteria. It has a "school on the prairie" vibe. My contacts are not in. I am awoken by people busting down the door, come to kill us (a group of 20 or so men and women in their 20s - 40s and 50s). The new group is men, women, and children ages 3 through 60, mostly adults. They have huge guns. We all run down some stairs, a half level down to the dining room floor. We had been asleep in the hallway overlooking it. Crouching and listening, I see that all of them except two men went outside on the side-porch to eat lunch, assuming we had left. A man on my side whispers that the bald one on the right is "the head psycho", so we dip out through the back side-door emergency exit. As we're sneaking around, I realize I don't have my contacts in and probably will never be able to retrieve them. I tell someone I can't really see and they scold me for not keeping spares in my bulletproof vest pocket. We run around to the side of the house where people are eating lunch. Most stay back behind the building while a few higher-ups come around with me. I find a tiny gun not much bigger than a lighter, stand straight up from the white concrete barrier we were crouched behind, walk behind a pillar onto the grass next to the porch (a concrete floor in line with the earth), and silently go in line shooting them: a man in his 50s with a shaved head, a young girl (who I thought about not but then decided better dead than an orphan), another young girl, and a woman in her 40s - their mother maybe - and then a Steve Bannon-looking man. All except him looked straight out of the FLDS, with long braids and pastel cotton long dresses and sleeves despite the boiling heat. I said numbers while I shot them at point blank range: 400, 200 300 500 300. The gun made only tiny zipping noises, as if darts were landing but they were bullets. The people made no noise. I short the greasy older man (Steve Bannon), disheveled while the others are prim and proper, wearing dirty checkered shirt and leather suspenders. I shoot him in the back because he is sitting at the corner across the table from the woman (the rest were against the wall). He doesn't flinch, just turns around as if to say "what do you want?" I shoot him six or seven times in the back but with little impact. I can see the holes aren't as deep as before, that the gun is running out of juice, not bullets. I circle around to the other side of him, and he's talking to me like "you can't kill me, no way." The gun clicks, but nothing comes out. I had shot him 12+ times but some only as deep as papercuts to his back and chest. People on the front side of the house see me, and chaos is bubbling up. I toss the tiny gun and run towards the back of the house. Three women dressed in all black, with long leather coats and gloves, are standing on the grass near the concrete block. I run towards them and yell "give me your gun!" to the one on the right with curly red hair (who looks like Catherine from Twin Peaks) because she has a tiny gun. She tries to kick me and yells "we're not on your side", and I keep running towards the back of the house. Two men are now stationed around back, laying on the ground with electric cannons on massive tripods pointed at the backdoor. I stop once I notice them. Walking back towards the front of the house, I see a tall man with a massive gun, again in all black with leather gloves, standing near the back corner (on the grass about 5 feet from the porch). I sprint up to him and jump and grab his gun while running past. Chaos officially breaks loose. I cannot find anyone else on my side. I run towards the front of the house with the huge gun, assuming it's a machine gun. I fire at the scattered people on the porch and a fireball emerges and explodes when it hits the ground. The people on the front porch are mostly young teens - not who I'm looking for. I shoot another fireball at some adult men further down but decide the gun is more attention than it's worth. I start running away from the house and realize I'm running with a woman from my side. We run into the forest surrounding the house. //
It's afternoon of that day, and we've been running in the heat with no supplies. We are followed by a woman from the other side carrying her toddler. She is not in a dress like the others were. She is surprisingly fast, keeping pace with us, but we're trying to conserve energy. We approach a power station, out of the woods and down a hill. There are very high fences surrounding the area, maybe it is an elementary school. I run up to a gate - locked. I run farther down - unlocked. I open it and my comrade runs through behind me. I yell "lock it" and she yells "why bother" but does. The slowdown allows the woman to catch up to us. While she's coming through the gate, we decide to poison her with the fruits of the trees in this fenced area. My comrade is vaguely sure that the kiwi-looking fruit of the small withering tree in the southwest corner of the yard is poisonous. As the woman comes in the yard, I say "I'm mighty hungry, aren't you?", and pick an apple/green tomato hybrid fruit from another tree. Then I walk away while my comrade approaches her and they talk civilly as she corrals her towards the poison tree. I am searching for another exit. I want to climb the chainlink fence,  but it is 20 feet high and I believe the top railing to be electrified. There is a playground in the opposite corner of the lot, next to a hulking brick building looming over everything. Power lines go into the distance, into the woods, the rolling hills. I find another unlocked gate, going east. I look over my shoulder; the woman has taken a bite of the kiwi, and my comrade is motioning for me to start running, and I do. I run down the steep pebbly slope away from the lot, my comrade 100 feet behind me, and the woman 10 feet behind her. My comrade passes the gate and I am almost in the woods when I run into a man. I don't think he is on a side. He is dressed normally: t-shirt, baseball cap, and running shoes. He is walking his golden retriever and is fairly old, in his late 60s. I look over my shoulder back up the hill and the woman has just gotten past the gate when she shakes violently and falls to her knees. She is dying quickly. My comrade keeping running towards me, almost 20 feet away. I tell the man to take care of the child and run into the woods.
I am in a library/bunker writing a letter on tiny scraps of dark brown paper. I get up from my beg, which has a built-in desk at the end (Oberlin dorm desk with the high back and shelf), and go past another row of beds into a side room lit with yellow light. It is a reference room, a little bigger than a pantry, with bookshelves starting at hip-height on top of a countertop. I look for one and find it, a law book about citizen's rights in our country. I live somewhere in Europe in times past, WWII but not really. I take the thick green book back to my bed-desk. Alex is sitting with his legs over the side of a wooden chair almost opposite the reference room door. He is yelling to someone else in the bunker, so he doesn't notice me. I sit down at the edge of my bed again and open up the book, leafing through slightly. When I collect the scraps of brown paper and read through them, I'm dissatisfied. They are cryptic and meandering, addressed to "Wanda". I put them aside. Cut to me writing on a full-size sheet of lined paper, in orange ink, starting with "Dear Fuhrer". I am explaining my situation, that I have a husband stuck living like a peasant in Siberia and that the living conditions are not feasible anymore. Alex now notices the book and asks where I got it. He sounds angry. I explain there is a reference room right behind him and I didn't go into the main library to get it. "Oh good," he says, "I thought you were out stealing from the central collection." Cur to another iteration of the same letter, in which I have gained audience with two Siberian princesses. I am no longer in the library-bunker, for they have taken me to Siberia to prove how hard the peasant work is. A new draft of the letter is read aloud and translucently projected over the scene. I am on my hands and knees in a small hut, dressed as best I can for winter in peasant's rags. I pick up off the floor a massive stone, with difficulty since it is half the size of me. I stagger out of the hut into the vicious winter's early twilight, using my back to push open the door to a main shack/house. There the two princesses stand in white nightgowns, almost 7 feet tall and with long black hair and deeply tanned skin. They are almost identical. They look Egyptian. It is hot in the shack. I manage the few steps from the door to a cot, walking backwards until I can deposit the rock in the cot by my right leg. In exhaustion, I flop into the bed over it. Before I can move, the princesses quickly throw a thin mattress over me and lay on it together, all their weight pressing down on top of me. (The letter is no longer projected or being read.) I struggle slightly, but I am weak and soon suffocate. One princess moves to rise, but the other says, "Let's stay until she stops twitching." When I stop moving, they get up. After the lights are then turned out for the night, as they lay in their own cots, a golden glow projects out of one of their bodies. Out of it forms the image of a sleeping female pharaoh in full regal attire, with a deep purple headdress striped with aqua and pink embroidered lines, and dark swirls of kohl under her eyes. The image freezes and the credits roll: "Phoecii" in big golden letters at the top of the screen, the same font as "Aguirre: Wrath of God".
I was high and walking through the main hallway of Newark Academy. It was incredibly packed with people, but it was dark outside. We were all going to classes. When I reached where the L-intersection should have been, I entered a room similar to the Eberstadt room except all the armchairs were on raised tiers. The layout, with all the raised tiers curving around the individual or rows of armchairs, reminded me of a rice patty. The hallway I was in entered to the back-right corner of the room, right into a row of chairs. There were many obnoxious schoolboys in there chairs, but Pieter-Paul was in the one second closest to me. The front of the room had two hallways extending from it. In the middle of the room were many wooden tables. The space between the two front hallways was a massive mirror with a gold ornate frame. All the tables had flowers in vases on them. The lone armchair on the right side of the room was occupied by Mr. Stourton, who tried to stop me to talk about the theme of candles in Yeats. When anyone tried to speak to me, all that came out was "are you fine?" "Yes" echoed and buzzed in a constant murmur around the room. I pushed through the front-right hallway's door into the corridor leading away from the arts wing. It was that hallway but with much more glass and shine to it. Once I was through the other room's door, it disappeared and the hallway continued that way a while longer before reaching an open gallery space. There was a yellow twisty sculpture, like Chicago Millenium Park's, in the middle of the room. On the walls were unimportant paintings.
The five of us escaped through the window of a gray, brick building. It was so tall you couldn't see the top, but we weren't too high up (less than 10 floors). We single-file shuffled along a concrete window ledge, sometimes ducking below windows of classrooms of bored students. I was second to last and careless, so someone almost saw me. The entire back of the building faced an incredibly large cave entrance. The dome of the cave was stopped halfway by the building, which continued upwards beyond the cave. The first member of our group was already onto the building below ours, standing on a tiny patch of roof by a crumbling chimney. That building was more of a shack with old-fashioned tiling on the roof. Everything was still grey. She had a long thick wire attached to a hardness at her end and a metal bracket at ours. We all swung over there, precariously catapulting onto the slippery roof. We started climbing down the chimney, which had ladder rungs carved into it. We reached the ground, a rocky beach with no sand. The water lapped up gently by us, but soon turned into a raging waterfall that disappeared over a 90 degree cliff. The stony cave walls acted as a funnel to the waterfall. Out of nowhere, we had a tiny dark green raft, all blown up and ready to go. Once we loaded in all five of us, we realized it wasn't close to being blown up enough. I noticed the bottom section wasn't blown up at all, and told the others. They freaked out, as we neared the waterfall. We paddled like crazy to gain about 10 feet away from the fall. I started blowing up the raft like crazy. It was barely blown up when we slipped into the current once again.